#status/draft
up::[[Clubhouse]]

# Odoo 
Odoo is a suite of open source business apps that cover all your company needs: CRM, eCommerce, accounting, inventory, point of sale, project management, etc. Odoo apps integrate seamlessly to provide a full-featured open source [[ERP]] , but can also be used stand-alone. 
 
 There are two version of ODOO 
 Community and Enterprise edition: 
 
## Community Edition

Community edition of ODOO comes with all the basic features and functionality one needs for their business. It also has a lot of community contributed modules which help in a lot of other functionalities. This can be used by people who are not willing to pay for enterprise edition functionality

### Pros: 
* Open source software, free to use and can be modified as per requirement.
* Ability to add custom modules and integrate them with existing software. 
* Includes all the basic functionalities that are needed for any business like sales, CRM, accounting etc. 
### Cons: 
* Does not include enterprise features which may be required by some businesses like Odoo Studio (to create custom modules), Advanced reporting, New themes etc. 


## Enterprise Edition

Enterprise edition of ODOO comes with all the features available in the community edition and also includes additional features like Odoo Studio, Advanced Reporting etc. This is paid software and is used by people who need enterprise features. 

### Pros: 
* Open source software, free to use and can be modified as per requirement.
* Ability to add custom modules and integrate them with existing software. 
* Includes all the basic functionalities that are needed for any business like sales, CRM, accounting etc. 
* Includes enterprise features which may be required by some businesses like Odoo Studio (to create custom modules), Advanced reporting, New themes etc. 


### Cons: 
 * Paid Softwar